Hello! If you are reading this, you are likely the next team to inherit this project.  

Our goal this quarter was to leave you with a more readable codebase while refining the previous groups implementation. 
We also attempted to implement LLDB functionality. This document should serve as a helpful introduction to the codebase, 
allowing you to hit the ground running. It will cover a dictionary of common terms, as well as a general dataflow. 
If you have any questions, you can reach out to any of the following emails:

ciaransanders@gmail.com
Albert.joe.furlong@gmail.com

Glossary:
Locale: The unit of a super computer. Each Locale can be thought of as a separate machine on the network.
Gasnet: Our method for connecting to multiple locales.

Chpldbg - Chapel Debugger.
Chpldbg.cxx/h - The source and header file for the program driver. This class is an intermediary between 
the gui and the cdb_back, our backend proper.
cdb_back.cxx - Lower level instructions for communicating with libmigd. This file references chpldbg multiple times, 
whether by defined callbacks or reading / writing.
libmigd - An ancient and unknown library written in sanskrit. It is indented with 3 spaces and has little to no documentation.
I would stay away unless you have a brown hat and a whip and starred in the movie Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
This is the interface for connecting to locales on other machines and sending gdb instructions. 

DataFlow:

Chpldbg is constructed and connects to the GUI. Chpldbg spools up two threads for reading from the backend and writing to the frontend. 
This establishes two way communication while allowing Chpldbg to abstract itself from both the machine interface and the user interface.

When a command is entered in the GUI, it is sent to the pipe. Chpldbg's write thread grabs it from the pipe, 
and distributes it to the appropriate function in cdb_back. The read thread is grabbing messages from the backend 
and appending them to the gui's input pipe. The backend takes these messages and sends them to the gdb servers through libmigd. 
Messages are passed back in the same manner. 
